Number Programs:

Basic-level: 
 
1. WAPT check whether the given number is even or odd 
2. WAPTP sum of the numbers between m to n 
3. WAPTP product of the numbers between m to n 
4. WAPT count the numbers from m to n 
5. WAPT swap two numbers 
6. Using third variable 
7. Without using third variable 
8. WAPTP square of a given number 
9. WAPTP cube of a given number 
10. WAPTP factorial value of a number 
11. WAPTP factors of the number 
12. WAPTP Fibonacci series 
13. WAPTP the exponential value for a given base and power (x ^ n) 
14. WAPT extract digits in reverse order 
15. Print 
16. Count 
17. Sum 
18. Product 
19. WAPT Reverse a Number. 


Medium-level:

1. WAP to Print the multiplication table of a number 
2. WAP to check whether the given number is prime or not. 
3. WAP to print the sum of prime numbers from m to n 
4. WAP to print the product of prime numbers from m to n 
5. WAP to print the sum of the factors of a number. 
6. WAP to print the product of the factors of a number. 
7. WAP to print sum of even and odd factors in a given number. 
8. WAP to print product of even and odd factors in a given number 
9. WAP to count the digits in a given number. 
10. WAP to print even digits in a given number. 
11. WAP to print odd digits in a given number 
12. WAP to print sum of digits in a given number 
13. WAP to print product of digits in a given number 
14. WAP to print sum of even digits in a given number 
15. WAP to print sum of prime digits in a given number 
16. WAP to print product of prime digits in a given number. 
17. WAP to print the factorial of each digit in a given number. 
18. WAP to print the sum of factorial of each digit in a given number. 
19. WAP to print the factorial of even digits in a given number 
20. WAP to print the factorial of odd digits in a given number. 
21. WAP to print the power of each digit to the count number of digits in the given number. 
22. WAP to print the sum of power of each digit to the count number of digits in the given 
number. 
23. WAP to print the sum of power of even digit to the count number of digits in the given 
number. 
24. WAP to print the sum of power of odd digit to the count number of digits in the given 
number. 
25. WAP to Print the nth prime number. 
26. WAP to Print the next prime number for a given number. 
27. WAP to Print the nth Fibonacci number 
28. WAP to Check if a number is a Fibonacci number. 
29. WAP to Find the largest digit in a given number. 
30. WAP to Find the smallest digit in a given number. 
31. WAP to Find the nth Largest digit in a given number. 
32. WAP to Find the nth smallest digit in a given number. 
33. WAP to Find the sum of smallest digit and largest digit in a given number. 
34. WAP to Find the sum of nth smallest digit and nth largest digit in a given number. 
35. WAP to Find the binary representation of a number. 
36. WAP to Find the decimal representation of a binary number. 
37. WAP to Find the GCD or HCF of two numbers. 
38. WAP to Find the LCM of two numbers.


Advance-level:

1. Twisted Prime Number 
	A Twisted Prime Number is a prime number that remains prime when its digits are reversed. 
2. Mega Prime Number 
	A Mega Prime Number is a prime number where all its digits are also prime numbers. 
3. Palindrome Number 
	A Palindrome Number is a number that remains the same when its digits are reversed 
4. SPY Number 
	A SPY Number is a number where the sum of its digits is equal to the product of its digits. 
5. Perfect Number 
	A Perfect Number is a number that is equal to the sum of its factors (excluding the number itself). 
6. Strong Number 
	A Strong Number is a number whose sum of the factorial of its digits is equal to the original number. 
7. Neon Number 
	A Neon Number is a number where the sum of the digits of its square is equal to the original number. 
8. Armstrong Number 
	An Armstrong Number is a number in which the sum of its digits raised to the power of the total number of digits is equal to the number itself. 
9. Sunny Number 
	A Sunny Number is a number where the number + 1 is a perfect square. 
10. Automorphic Number 
	An Automorphic Number is a number whose square ends with the same digits as the number itself. 
11. Magic Number 
	A Magic Number is a number in which the recursive sum of digits (until a single digit) is 1.
12. Tech Number 
	A Tech Number is a number with even number of digits, which when split into two equal halves and added together, the square of the sum is equal to the original number. 
13. Harshad Number 
	A Harshad Number (also called Niven Number) is a number which is completely divisible by the sum of its digits. 

Level – I 
1. WAP to check whether the given number is Twisted Prime Number or not. 
2. WAP to check whether the given number is a Mega Prime Number or not. 
3. WAP to check whether the given number is a Palindrome Number or not 
4. WAP to check whether the given number is a SPY Number or not. 
5. WAP to check whether the given number is a Perfect Number or not. 
6. WAP to check whether the given number is a Strong Number or not. 
7. WAP to check whether the given number is a Neon Number or not. 
8. WAP to check whether the given number is an Armstrong Number or not. 
9. WAP to check whether the given number is a Sunny Number or not. 
10. WAP to check whether the given number is an Automorphic Number or not. 
11. WAP to check whether the given number is a Magic Number or not. 
12. WAP to check whether the given number is a Tech Number or not. 
13. WAP to check whether the given number is a Harshad (Niven) Number or not. 
14. WAP to check whether the given number is a Evil Number or not. 

Level – II 
1. WAP to print the Twisted Prime numbers present in the range of m to n. 
2. WAP to print the Mega Prime numbers present in the range of m to n. 
3. WAP to print the Palindrome numbers present in the range of m to n. 
4. WAP to print the SPY numbers present in the range of m to n. 
5. WAP to print the Perfect numbers present in the range of m to n. 
6. WAP to print the Strong numbers present in the range of m to n. 
7. WAP to print the Neon numbers present in the range of m to n. 
8. WAP to print the Armstrong numbers present in the range of m to n. 
9. WAP to print the Sunny numbers present in the range of m to n. 
10. WAP to print the Automorphic numbers present in the range of m to n. 
11. WAP to print the Magic numbers present in the range of m to n. 
12. WAP to print the Tech numbers present in the range of m to n. 
13. WAP to print the Harshad (Niven) numbers present in the range of m to n. 
14. WAP to print the Evil numbers present in the range of m to n. 

Level – III 
1. WAP to print the nth Prime number. 
2. WAP to print the nth Twisted Prime number. 
3. WAP to print the nth Mega Prime number. 
4. WAP to print the nth Palindrome number. 
5. WAP to print the nth Sunny number. 
6. WAP to print the nth Automorphic number. 
7. WAP to print the nth Magic number. 
8. WAP to print the nth Harshad (Niven) number. 
9. WAP to print the nth Evil number 
 
Miscellaneous Number Series 
1. Print the Lucas series up to n terms 
2. Print the factorial series up to n terms. 
3. Generate the Collatz sequence for a number. 
4. Find the GCD or HCF of three numbers. 
5. Generate the first n terms of a Tribonacci sequence.
